local Quotes={
    "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela",
    "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney",
    "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs"  ,  
    "If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. -Eleanor Roosevelt",
    "If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey",
    "If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron",
    "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon",
    "Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa",
    "When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt",
    "Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. -Margaret Mead",
    "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson",
    "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt",
    "Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin",
    "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller",
    "It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle",
    "Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -Anne Frank",
    "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not. -Oscar Wilde",
    "The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. -Tony Robbins",
    "No guts, no story. -Chris Brady",
    "My life is my message.- Mahatma Gandhi",
    "Screw it, let’s do it. -Richard Branson",
    "Keep going. Be all in.- Bryan Hutchinson",
    "Boldness be my friend. -William Shakespeare",
    "My life is my argument.- Albert Schweitzer",
    "Leave no stone unturned.- Euripides",
    "Fight till the last gasp. -William Shakespeare",
    "Stay hungry. Stay foolish. –Steve Jobs",
    "You can if you think you can. -George Reeves",
    "Whatever you are, be a good one. -Abraham Lincoln",
    "Impossible is for the unwilling. -John Keats",
    "The wisest mind has something yet to learn. –George Santanaya",
    "The past does not equal the future. -Tony Robbins",
    "Good things happen to those who hustle. -Anaïs Nin",
    "If it matters to you, you’ll find a way. -Charlie Gilkey",
    "Forget about style; worry about results. Bobby Orr",
    "Whatever you do, do with all your might.- Marcus Tullius Cicero",
    "Every noble work is at first impossible. -Thomas Carlyle",
    "If you’re going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill",
    "We are twice armed if we fight with faith. -Plato",
}

return Quotes
